printf _printf is a custom implementation of the C programming function printf. This project is an application of the C programming knowledge that  School cohort 12 students have learned since starting.
Prototype: int _printf(const char *, ...);

Examples String

Input: _printf("%s\n", 'This is a string.'); Output: This is a string. Character

Input: _printf("The first letter in the alphabet is %c\n", 'A'); Output: The first letter in the alphabet is A Integer

Input: _printf("There are %i dozens in a gross\n", 12); Output: There are 12 dozens in a gross Decimal:

Input: _printf("%d\n", 1000); Output: 1000 Project Requirements All files will be compiled on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS Programs and functions will be compiled with gcc 4.8.4 using flags -Wall -Werror -Wextra and -pedantic Code must follow the Betty style Global variables are not allowed Authorized functions and macros: write (man 2 write) malloc (man 3 malloc) free (man 3 free) va_start (man 3 va_start) va_end (man 3 va_end) va_copy (man 3 va_copy) va_arg (man 3 va_arg) Mandatory Tasks Write function that produces output with conversion specifiers c, s, and %. Handle conversion specifiers d, i. Create a man page for your function. Advanced Tasks Handle conversion specifier b. Handle conversion specifiers u, o, x, X. Use a local buffer of 1024 chars in order to call write as little as possible. Handle conversion specifier S. Handle conversion specifier p. Handle flag characters +, space, and # for non-custom conversion specifiers. Handle length modifiers l and h for non-custom conversion specifiers. Handle the field width for non-custom conversion specifiers. Handle the precision for non-custom conversion specifiers. Handle the 0 flag character for non-custom conversion specifiers. Handle the custom conversion specifier r that prints the reversed string. Handle the custom conversion specifier R that prints the rot13'ed string. All above options should work well together. File Descriptions _printf.c: - contains the fucntion _printf, which uses the prototype int _printf(const char *format, ...);. The format string is composed of zero or more directives. See man 3 printf for more detail. _printf will return the number of characters printed (excluding the null byte used to end output to strings) and will write output to stdout, the standard output stream. _putchar.c: - contains the function _putchar, which writes a character to stdout. main.h: - contains all function prototypes used for _printf. man_3_printf: - manual page for the custom _printf function. print_chars.c: - contains the functions print_c, print_s, print_S, and print_r which handle the conversion specifiers c, s, S, and r, respectively, as well as hex_print, which prints a char's ascii value in uppercase hex print_numbers.c: - contains the functions print_i and print_d, which handle the conversion specifiers i and d, respectively print_hex.c: - contains the functions print_hex, which prints an unsigned int in hexidecimal form, print_x, print_X, and print_p, which handle the conversion specifiers x, X, and p, respectively print_unsigned_int.c: - contains the functions print_u, print_o, and print_b, which handle the conversion specifiers u, o, and b, respectively print_rot13.c - contains the function print_R, which handles the conversion specifier RAuthors 
